Respected Prof. Jennifer Neville,

I, Satvik Mashkaria, am currently in my second undergraduate year and pursuing a Bachelor of Technology Degree Course in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering  with minor in Applied Statistics and Informatics at Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, India.I currently have a CPI of 9.78/10 that is equivalent to CGPA of 3.91/4 . Please find my resume at:

https://www.cse.iitb.ac.in/~satvikmashkaria/html5up-dimension/satvik.pdf





I am interested in undertaking a research position under your able guidance during May '18 - Jul ’18, to expand my horizons in your research interest field. I believe I can make a worthwhile contribution to this field, while also giving myself a good exposure to help me pursue doctoral studies after my graduation. Please let me know if you have any questions.Thank you for your time and consideration.

Anticipating an encouraging reply.

Yours Sincerely,

Satvik Mashkaria

IIT Bombay







I have been interested in cryptography since I implemented RSA and Diffie-Hellman Protocol as part of a course project in my first year. I participated in picoCTF 2017 organised by CMU and achieved 438th position which further added to my excitement about cyber security. I completed an online course on basic cryptography during my summer holidays and am further studying about it through online resources. I am specifically interested in using Public Key Encryption techniques for securing private data and analysing their vulnerabilities. Owing to the ongoing courses on Discrete Mathematics, Abstract Algebra and Data Structures and Algorithms, I have fairly good amount of exposure in algorithms and mathematics and would further complete advanced courses by the next semester.

While searching for potential research groups in my area of interest, I came across your web page. I really enjoyed one of your papers regarding “Systems and methods for distributing and securing data” published in the year 2012, which very much relates to my interest. The idea of making a robust computational secret sharing(RCSS) scheme to secure data (at rest) by distributing the different key shares on different servers and data (in motion) by sending the data using multiple path so that the data is not compromised even if some of the servers or paths are adversarially controlled was very intriguing.